Aleksandr Petrosyan: Now grew for me.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hello!
Dmitri Venger: Same same period
Dmitri Venger: Aktoto's
Dmitri Venger: invite
Dmitri Venger: the voyager.
Dmitri Venger: Hey, guys!
Victor Gridnevsky: Hello,
Dmitri Venger: Hello,
Dmitri Venger: Hey, guys!
Cam Parra: Hey, everyone!
Cam Parra: We have a lot of people here today.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I kind of thought it was a good idea to bring
Aleksandr Petrosyan: all three relevant people from our project.
Cam Parra: Boom!
Cam Parra: So we'll just give it a second, and we'll get started
Cam Parra: all right um hard. Do you know, if Brent's coming? I do not.
Hart Montgomery: I thought he was. But ah!
Hart Montgomery: He said that like a week and a half ago.
Cam Parra: Okay, so well, I have occurred like
Hart Montgomery: very recently.
Cam Parra: Well, if he comes in he comes in
Cam Parra: all right. Well, yeah, everyone. Welcome to um the ersa uh by weekly meeting. Um, I'm Kampara, and uh, there's really run these meetings. Thank you. Everyone using you uh
Cam Parra: we're showing up. Let's see. So does anyone want to introduce themselves, or
Cam Parra: Ah, and tell us what they're working on?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Nice? I guess you should start with me. Hi, I'm. Alexander I'm. The technique of the second needle Hub and I also volunteered my help to improve hypologic also,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: particularly to bring it up to a better standard of last code.
Dmitri Venger: I believe it's my turn. Hi, everybody! My name is Dmitri, and i'm a project manager over Hattu, so i'm closely work with Alexander and Victor,
Dmitri Venger: and it's my turn now. Hello! So i'm Victor. I'm a community manager. It's a mezzo and i'm monitoring this.
Victor Gridnevsky: I really hope we can improve it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But i'm on. He's one of our meeting developers,
Cam Parra: it's it's it's it's, it's, it's, it's, it's it's, it's, it's it's, it's, it's, it's it's it's, it's, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's It's it's
Cam Parra: Well, thank you guys. Um,
Cam Parra: i'm very excited to have you here
Cam Parra: Um! So what it what so may I ask what exactly your company is using for? Are you guys using Indie with it? Um! What what do you? What are your plans with?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We are also using it directly as a static library inside of you know our version. Two
Um. We have identified several,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and we are trying to resolve them.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Currently, we're using it for
Aleksandr Petrosyan: from various state mandated encryption standards,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: but also for all of our encryption needs and decryption needs basically everything related to S. A. Cp. To fifty, six K. One:
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Well, as a address scheme,
Cam Parra: cool
Cam Parra: way cool. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I didn't catch that the first time. But you guys, are we in the middle of our team Wait: cool.
Cam Parra: Yeah. And I saw an email from you guys that Um, you guys mentioned that there was some uh bug issues with or so that you'd like to fix. So wait cool. We can discuss it in a bit. Um. But yeah, um. So for the first item. We usually go over any pull requests
Cam Parra: that are outstanding um currently. My uh pull request for um, for oso, or the first refactoring step is still on hold on my part, because I haven't been able to
Cam Parra: ah solve those merge conflicts yet, but that's on my to do list. Um! Does anyone else have any other cool requests they would like to bring up.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Not at this time, and we won't have for a while.
Cam Parra: Okay?
Cam Parra: Ah, what about you, Brent?
Brent Zundel: Ah, no, nothing for me. I've just been ah
Brent Zundel: walked through with Mike last week. How to do how to do the release process. It's pretty straightforward,
Brent Zundel: but was waiting for your Pr. To be in
Brent Zundel: before initiating that. So just let me know when it's ready to hurt and we can move forward.
Cam Parra: Okay, well do.
Cam Parra: And yeah, just to note, we we do plan on releasing a newer version of ersa, that um may include some bug fixes. I'm not sure everything that's going to be ah released. I I'll have to probably note that down before we do the release.
Cam Parra: Um. But yeah, that is coming down the pipeline. So if any one has anything that they need to get in, or um would want to see in this next version, that's definitely something that um you can speak to me about, and we'll try to get. We'll try to get that in
Aleksandr Petrosyan: all right.
I think trade-off version bumps would be a good start.
Cam Parra: Cool. Um, Yeah. And so let's see what other some agenda items here. Um,
Cam Parra: we're still we still Haven't. Oh, actually, we're you, Brent. We're able to talk to Mike about the
the fix for the current security issue that we have.
Brent Zundel: Ah, just briefly, he's
Brent Zundel: hoping that
Brent Zundel: he'll have time and the ability to
Brent Zundel: to put it in.
Brent Zundel: But I have to
Brent Zundel: to talk with them some more about that, because they didn't get
Brent Zundel: a firm resolution.
Cam Parra: Okay, cool.
Cam Parra: And for everyone who's here. There's a current ah security issue that we have been working on on ersa um having to do with. I guess we we've already published this. So all right. We haven't put published the the security. Um, sa, but we have
Cam Parra: talked about it with other groups. But um, yeah, the security issue here
Cam Parra: uh has to do with how we generate primes in, and how we um, and to check if those primes are safe crimes or not. And so we are currently working on a solution. We have a solution. We're currently working on the code. We're trying to get that released as soon as possible.
Cam Parra: I don't know, and I. Roha, you guys do more of iot or more things on on mobile right?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: No, we're actually doing crypto.
Cam Parra: So yeah, just just to be clear, though the vulnerability is just with the cl signature
Cam Parra: scheme, it's not a Okay, Yeah, nothing beyond that.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, it's not going to be anything you're using for a roha, and it's
Hart Montgomery: uh it's a
Hart Montgomery: it's not a it's it's not especially severe in what
Hart Montgomery: it enables an adversary to do
Aleksandr Petrosyan: um,
Hart Montgomery: but it
Hart Montgomery: we can go through it if you want, but it doesn't. It shouldn't affect what you're doing.
Hart Montgomery: It's not in a part of the library you're using for A.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We might eventually start using it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I would.
Hart Montgomery: I would encourage you to use Nancy. Hell signatures.
Hart Montgomery: Ah,
Hart Montgomery: like bbs plus is a much better choice these days for just about anything.
Hart Montgomery: But if you want, if you want to use these kinds of things, we should have a longer chat at some point
Aleksandr Petrosyan: all right. That makes a bit of sense.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um: yeah, Come to think that there was a small let's just say inconvenience. We noticed that one of the functions which
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay? Well, when we're trying to generate a new public private keeper.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um!
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Almost all the algorithms except for one
Aleksandr Petrosyan: um
Aleksandr Petrosyan: use the seed and then hash it and then return that, except for one which actually requires the C. To be an exact set number of bites, and then more and no less,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I think Victor identified it. And then Roman pointed at the piece of code in the
and we've changed and fixed.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So whenever you do release the um
Aleksandr Petrosyan: call request. Can you just ping me personally and get to them to the chat
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so we could add the actual things as well.
Cam Parra: Great? Does anyone else have any comments on that. Um, I personally wasn't aware of that. But that's something that's great to keep on the radar.
Cam Parra: And yeah, if you guys have the fix and have the code if you want to do A. Pr: That's that's great. I'm glad to merge that.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Thank you.
Cam Parra: How about the energy?
Cam Parra: So you go ahead, Jim,
Cam Parra: you can go ahead, or I was just gonna ask Alexander if you had any roadmap issues you want to bring up
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in terms of. Do you want me to give you the full road map or just a few suggestions.
Hart Montgomery: What's up to you?
Hart Montgomery: Um,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um, right. So um!
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And unfortunately our last meeting was without pros of Mr. Para, the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so we did not have a chance to.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So from now on i'm, thankfully, this is not the case.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um!
Aleksandr Petrosyan: There were a few suggestions as to how we could make us a better in terms of
Aleksandr Petrosyan: not just being a cryptographic library, but also good rust library. So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: there were a few suggestions that we made, particularly in terms of how to modularize it,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: which,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in terms of being functional in the rickety way it does the job, but it's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it doesn't blend itself easy to tr your fixes.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It's rather difficult to figure out. Where and how do you track in new version of an all dependency.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But most of these dependencies are optional, and so on and so forth.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Avoid recompilation of Ursa, and make it
Aleksandr Petrosyan: consist of a few pluggable modules. It will also allow you to extract the common code and not have it be
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so. The problem that we talked about in terms of the seed
arises from the that, but each library has its own implementation of
Aleksandr Petrosyan: how to accept the seat.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Doesn't. Follow a common interface, and it can't follow a common interface, because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the configuration directives might disable all of them.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um! In that case it becomes unusable, and so on, and so forth.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: A few suggestions for how to improve the testing, particularly the usage of all features, to test different feature combinations.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Ideally, they wouldn't be necessary because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: because of a new modular design. It would be trivial. It would not require testing, would just work.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um! But again
Aleksandr Petrosyan: depends on what you want to do.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We also had a few ideas about regular testing of particularly i'm introducing property-based testing,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: considering that person does not involve any multi-process and multi-threaded applications, and is a collection of algorithms
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it lends itself perfectly to property-based testing In general, it will allow you to improve the coverage quite significantly. More importantly, it would allow you to identify bugs before they happen
Aleksandr Petrosyan: property-based testing as a habits of the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: identifying bugs, which you wouldn't even think to test for
Aleksandr Petrosyan: um
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Aside from that, we have a few other ideas for how to we organize those. I have to wait until after the remodelization.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Of course we we assume that we are the only ones carrying this out, we would be happy to share the precise roadmap.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: There's also a few small questions about dependencies which
Aleksandr Petrosyan: one of the reasons why we got in touch with Rye, who got in touch with
Aleksandr Petrosyan: um heart. And Brent
Aleksandr Petrosyan: was because we identified a problem with Ae.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: The fact that, as I was using a very old version of it a semantically incompatible one
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we wanted to just limit ourselves to was a trivial version, but it was not easy to do
Aleksandr Petrosyan: um. I'm guessing that if um Devops engineers gave you a hand with setting up automatic dependency updating,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: that would also be ample.
Cam Parra: Yeah, Um. So yeah. So let me tell you. Uh, Alexander. Um. So basically the current state what we have is that most of us here are volunteers are: Um, So i'm personally a volunteer. Um, and I don't get paid for. Uh, you know the the work that I do.
Cam Parra: Um. So basically we're all limited here for a couple of hours a week or every two weeks to to work on this. So I would say that if you have a roadmap, if you have a plan for modularity that is different from the ticket that's on the repo. Then project also
Cam Parra: would welcome that. I just. Yeah, I think we should.
Cam Parra: I think you should just bring it up as you um like. Let's say, in two weeks, or whenever we have our next ah meeting, we like every all the members are presented with it. We agree with it on it, and we carry it out, and then you guys are free to carry it out.
Cam Parra: Yeah, I don't. I don't see an issue with that. I Yeah, I think it's very welcomed. Um, We do understand that the code is old. The rust is very old. I I was there when it was written. I I didn't personally write it, but it was um
Cam Parra: Ah, but it is very early. Rust and rust has grown a lot. So we understand that it it does need an update so totally. Get all those all those points. And
Cam Parra: um, yeah, if you want, if this is Ah, if if if your modularity changes are to benefit I, Roha first, we totally understand and
Cam Parra: welcome that. And I Yeah, we have been looking at changing everything to be into a common library and breaking it up into individual libraries, so that we don't have these dependency issues for a while. But we just Haven't had the bandwidth to do it,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so I
Hart Montgomery: So maybe the thing to do is if Alexander, if you could post this like detailed roadmap as an issue.
Hart Montgomery: Um,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: right. Does that make sense to everybody that way like I know we we talked earlier about not
Hart Montgomery: wanting to unnecessarily inconvenience people that were using the library. And I think just you know, if we just post that is
Hart Montgomery: an issue, and we just socialize that and say, Hey, this is what's gonna happen, you know, like
Hart Montgomery: you have a problem, or if this is like breaking something in some non-obvious way, please let us know you.
Hart Montgomery: And then you know
Hart Montgomery: you know, short review period, You know, we we assume we're good to go.
Hart Montgomery: Does Does that seem reasonable?
Cam Parra: Yeah, that seems reasonable to me. Um. Another thing that that I thought a while while we were sitting. That hard is that we can have a Development branch that I don't think we currently have in ersa and start
Cam Parra: pushing those changes to that development branch, release, development. Ah, development! Ah artifacts, and then marge those into Maine so that people will have at least a a bit of a buffering time, but that's not exactly necessary. That's just a I just suggestion. There.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'm. I'm pleasing this night. It might be a good idea,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so that we're not stepping on each other's toes, for example, and not breaking the code
Cam Parra: right, I think right now the biggest users they have to worry about is is Indie and Aries that that depend on these libraries. And of course, you guys that that So those are like the three groups that that currently use it that we're aware of.
Cam Parra: So maybe uh, maybe I I can take that down as a note. Maybe in two weeks I can bring in some Aries uh and Indie representatives that can hear about this roadmap and be aware of it. I don't know if that sounds like a good idea to you guys.
Hart Montgomery: Can Can we do this as offline as possible? So i'd prefer, like, you know, we don't want to
Hart Montgomery: to to to move more quickly. I'd prefer if we had Alexander like
Hart Montgomery: or someone post the issues,
Hart Montgomery: then, you know, we can have a meeting where we bring up everything. But I would. I'd prefer to do this like
Hart Montgomery: as asynchronously as possible. So they're not seeing the stuff for the first time in the meeting.
Cam Parra: Okay, Great: Yeah. So if you want to post that issue, I will, and if you can post it in the discord on the hash ersa discord whenever you get that done.
Cam Parra: Um. Then I can just tag some Indie folks, or maybe Thendy folks will see it themselves, and if a meeting is necessary, then we'll. We'll bring it to the next meeting.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, I mean, if we do need to talk about it, I we can. But I mean, I highly doubt we will.
Cam Parra: Yeah, I I I don't know if people if if people like Stephen Koran or others, I I just haven't been in in that community for a while, so I don't know if anyone has. If Ah concerns or or or well, they'll probably just be happy about it. But I don't, I think. Yeah,
Hart Montgomery: I think they'll be very happy and grateful.
Cam Parra: Yeah, I'm sure that that's the case. So
Cam Parra: So yeah, if if if needed, we can bring those people in like eventually. But right now we can do as a asynchronous as possible. So that's what i'm saying. Yeah, I would. They may have minor suggestions, but I wouldn't expect any show stoppers.
Cam Parra: Yeah. Well, if you're not writing the code, then I guess you don't have that much to say. That's how we usually treat things here.
Cam Parra: Absolutely. It's a dualocracy.
Yeah,
Brent Zundel: some folks are where I did ping the identity channel in the discord as well to let them know that they should anticipate some
Brent Zundel: potentially major changes over the next few months.
Cam Parra: Yeah. And if they want to keep, if they want to work with you guys, yeah, they'll they'll probably contact you. Um: because yeah, I I don't again. I don't know the state, but they were working on the A non-cred stuff. And then they um
Cam Parra: yeah. They still depend heavily on cl signatures, As I'm aware,
Hart Montgomery: you're right. They do still use cl signatures.
Cam Parra: I should probably go to some of those meetings sometimes, and then catch up. But
Cam Parra: yeah, any questions, any concerns. I think you guys are free to do as much work as you want. We're definitely not going to hold you back. Ah, me! And Brent and I don't know if our actually is able to any more since he works at Hyper Ledger. But we are,
Cam Parra: uh we? We were always checking. Ah, Prs Brend gets to them faster than I do. So Yeah. But we're there to help you merge, and
Cam Parra: we can. Yeah, once we see some pull requests, I'm: sure we can talk about also getting you some someone on your team that can review and merge things on as well,
Hart Montgomery: we should add some of the these folks as maintainers. Yeah,
Cam Parra: right? Um, That's something that we could probably. Yeah, as as as we go along we can, We can do. Ah, probably next meeting. I don't know if that's too long of a weight. But or if you would like to do that faster, hard.
Hart Montgomery: Well, it's up to these guys.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We wouldn't be able to do much with the containership. Anyway, we are in the middle of a large release
Aleksandr Petrosyan: next week. I think we'll have something to do, so there's no need to Russia,
Cam Parra: maybe A. Pr. About it and let the other maintainers know the ones who don't come to the
Cam Parra: to the calls, and let them give them a little bit of a of of time to not a lot of time, but like just had heads up that we're going to be adding new people. So they don't freak out
Cam Parra: uh they shouldn't because they they're not very active. So.
Cam Parra: Um. But yeah,
Cam Parra: any other questions or concerns
Aleksandr Petrosyan: none from our side.
Cam Parra: Well, are there any topics that anyone would like to bring up any crypto that they would like to discuss heart. Do you have anything that you'd like to bring up from your crypto? Two thousand and twenty-two.
Hart Montgomery: Ah, I don't know I've
Hart Montgomery: uh what? What's interesting uh isogeny, Scott broke in.
Hart Montgomery: He's,
and not just a little broken like
Brent Zundel: completely broken.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, Basically,
Hart Montgomery: at least the efficient versions of the scheme did.
Hart Montgomery: There's a lot of work on the sort of simpler Pdfs the Rf's: I talked to the
Hart Montgomery: I talked to. Yeah. I talked. I gave like a short rum session talk about the
Hart Montgomery: the need for solving more practical problems, and i'm hoping to get some people interested in designing
Hart Montgomery: verifiable and anonymous credential schemes.
Hart Montgomery: I had a long talk with Anna. License Gaia
Hart Montgomery: um! I've already introduced her to Kalia
Hart Montgomery: and some other people so so hopefully. This will will lead to some interesting stuff.
Hart Montgomery: Um!
Hart Montgomery: What else? Uh, Brent, you? You'll be amused to know that the uh,
Hart Montgomery: the best rum session talk which you have won before at an Icr conference.
Brent Zundel: It was won by a man who got Ah, who was attempting to give a a serious talk, but Ah had too much to drink beforehand. It gave an unintentionally hilarious talk i'd recommend i'd highly recommend watching it.
Brent Zundel: I
Brent Zundel: character
i'm regretting visiting the conferences here.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, there was a
Hart Montgomery: Um, and it was, I guess Nadia and Paul grabs who
Hart Montgomery: I watch it online, if you can. It's really funny.
Cam Parra: I didn't think Crypto got this crazy.
Hart Montgomery: Ah, well, you know, in the Eightys it was wild enough that they had it. They had to institute a rule, saying that you were only allowed to throw empty beer cans at the speakers, not full ones.
That's fine.
Hart Montgomery: That happened that if you talk to like,
Hart Montgomery: if you talk to like Whit Diffey or Chaffee Goldwater, or all these old people. They'll They'll tell you about it.
Cam Parra: I'm not so sad that I missed it.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, it's good to have everybody back. My back hurts from sleeping in the Ucsb dorms. But
Cam Parra: those dorms don't accommodate for tall people.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, I'm. I'm too old, and my body's too, broken for the
Hart Montgomery: of life.
Hart Montgomery: But the Brent is this something you're going to get to? Are you going to have the opportunity in the future to do these kind of things.
Brent Zundel: I it's definitely on my list to do. Real-world crypto
Brent Zundel: Gotcha awesome. Where is this here?
Brent Zundel: It's gonna be in Tokyo? Oh, interesting.
Yeah, The next works,
Brent Zundel: madam,
Brent Zundel: hey?
Brent Zundel: I honestly don't know, because in by the end of September,
Brent Zundel: um, a vast and Norton Life lock will be the same company and have a new name, and I don't know what presumably they will still heat
Brent Zundel: now.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah. So
Cam Parra: who will Pink's heart for that report
Cam Parra: Brand? Do you have anything before we end this meeting, or if that's it, then we can end it.
Brent Zundel: I I just want to reiterate how
Brent Zundel: how happy we are to have a real hot folks on the call Um,
Brent Zundel: very much have have
Brent Zundel: needed the rust expertise for a while. Um! And are looking forward to
Brent Zundel: having that roadmap a little more established, so that
Brent Zundel: should resources become available, we can throw them in that direction. Um, and contribute as best we can to making things better.
Cam Parra: Yeah. Second, that thought about being grateful for you guys definitely excited for this, and I might not be able to contribute much, but definitely, um here to review Prs and Ah get this stuff into
Cam Parra: into the repo as fast as we need it to. So
Hart Montgomery: yeah, thank you all again.
Thank you for inviting us.
Dmitri Venger: Thank you guys,
Cam Parra: Yeah, we'll we'll go ahead and end, and we'll see you in two weeks, and we'll be on discord and hope to see your issue pop up on the ersa. Rebo, By the way, does this time? Is this time like somewhat okay for you? All
Aleksandr Petrosyan: this is here in my day, for most people. In fact.
Hart Montgomery: Is it a Is it a makeable time, though?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um, we can handle it? It's perfectly fine.
Cam Parra: Besides, are you in in Russia, or in where I don't really forget where the Iraq team is.
Cam Parra: Okay,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So,
Cam Parra: Gotcha, Thank you. So we we need to move it earlier, Let us know. And we we did used to meet an hour earlier, so I think most of us can make it. I don't know if heart will be too happy or or Brent.
Brent Zundel: I can probably make it. My schedule is always a mess these days. Anyway, I could never be sure I can make anything an hour earlier would be fine for me
Brent Zundel: exactly. It still throws me off the Abbrey on Wednesday to go. Oh, wait! It's at nine now, so I still have it in that i'm supposed to be,
Brent Zundel: and i'll be at T-pac um if we move in an hour earlier, then I might be able to come. If not, I mean it's going to be if you either way, whether i'll be able to show up next week. But
Cam Parra: and two weeks is the global forum. So i'm not going to be able to come for sure. Okay, yes, I will have the cancel. I'll probably cancel it for next week.
Brent Zundel: Well, if if we have stuff we can have, We We can work asynchronously, and if we, you know, if you want to have a meeting like, have a meeting.
Brent Zundel: But there's stuff you can get done, and there are people there like, by all means, and we need to inform someone from Ursa about some issue we found. Where do we
Brent Zundel: A discord is probably the best. Ah, so yeah, it cam and bread. What do you think discords? Okay, if it's, if if there's any way to do it is there's an existing issue, or Pr. And it comes through Github, then, that
Brent Zundel: that reaches me sooner than discord does, because
Brent Zundel: I can't mute any
Brent Zundel: channels in discord, so everything shows up as I need to read it, and it's impossible for me to sort through. So um if i'm pinged directly in discord. I'll probably see it. I'm also happy to receive emails directly.
Brent Zundel: But my yeah,
Hart Montgomery: Victor, if you want speed, if you want speed email people directly or tag them in Github.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay, Thank you.
Cam Parra: Yeah, that thing for me, I would, I would say email and uh Github are the fastest ways. Uh we'll send me an email. So that's how you I usually see it quicker than discord.
Victor Gridnevsky: Yeah, I yeah email is the fastest for me. I am tagged on like,
Hart Montgomery: probably literally thousands of github things
Cam Parra: a day.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay,
so
Victor Gridnevsky: that
Hart Montgomery: I don't know how. But yeah, just just mail me if you have questions
Victor Gridnevsky: here. Um,
Hart Montgomery: And like I'm going to be most useful about like
Hart Montgomery: cryptography questions themselves. The
Hart Montgomery: Cam and Brent are going to be better with the coding and the interface questions.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay,
Brent Zundel: all right. Well, thanks, everyone. I'm gonna go ahead and end this meeting.
Brent Zundel: Thank you. You all very much for your time and have a way, Mr. Day.